c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\GooglePlay.exe.config
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\GooglePlay.exe
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\GooglePlay.pdb
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.exe
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.pdb
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPackTest.exe
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPackTest.pdb
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\MoreLinq.dll
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\MoreLinq.xml
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\LINQPad.exe
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\GooglePlay.exe.config
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.exe
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.pdb
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Google Play Analysis\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\bin\Debug\GooglePlay.exe.config
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Google Play Analysis\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.exe
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Google Play Analysis\GooglePlay\GooglePlay\obj\Debug\GooglePlay.pdb
